Document Azure SDK subclient registration (#36555)
dotnet/docs: docs/azure/sdk/dependency-injection.md

    dotnet add package Azure.Identity
    ```

> For demonstration purposes, the sample code in this article uses the Key Vault Secrets, Blob Storage and Service Bus libraries. Install the following packages to follow along:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For demonstration purposes, the sample code in this article uses the Key Vault Secrets, Blob Storage, and Service Bus libraries. Install the following packages to follow along:
```

```dotnetcli
dotnet add package Azure.Security.KeyVault.Secrets
dotnet add package Azure.Storage.Blobs
dotnet add package Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus
```

## Register clients and subclients

> A service client is the entry point to the API for an Azure service – from it, library users can invoke all operations the service provides and can easily implement the most common scenarios. Where it will simplify an API's design, groups of service calls can be organized around smaller subclient types. For example, `ServiceBusClient` can register additional `ServiceBusSender` clients to simplify working with queues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A service client is the entry point to the API for an Azure service – from it, library users can invoke all operations the service provides and can easily implement the most common scenarios. Where it will simplify an API's design, groups of service calls can be organized around smaller subclient types. For example, `ServiceBusClient` can register additional `ServiceBusSender` subclients to simplify working with queues.
```

> A service client is the entry point to the API for an Azure service – from it, library users can invoke all operations the service provides and can easily implement the most common scenarios. Where it will simplify an API's design, groups of service calls can be organized around smaller subclient types. For example, `ServiceBusClient` can register additional `ServiceBusSender` clients to simplify working with queues.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A service client is the entry point to the API for an Azure service – from it, library users can invoke all operations the service provides and can easily implement the most common scenarios. Where it will simplify an API's design, groups of service calls can be organized around smaller subclient types. For example, `ServiceBusClient` can register additional `ServiceBusSender` subclients for publishing messages or `ServiceBusReceiver` subclients for consuming messages.
```

To me, the phrasing `simplify working with` implied that I could do all the same things with `ServiceBusClient` in a more complicated way - which isn't the case.

> A service client is the entry point to the API for an Azure service – from it, library users can invoke all operations the service provides and can easily implement the most common scenarios. Where it will simplify an API's design, groups of service calls can be organized around smaller subclient types. For example, `ServiceBusClient` can register additional `ServiceBusSender` subclients to simplify working with queues.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A service client is the entry point to the API for an Azure service – from it, library users can invoke all operations the service provides and can easily implement the most common scenarios. Where it will simplify an API's design, groups of service calls can be organized around smaller subclient types. For example, `ServiceBusClient` can register additional `ServiceBusSender` subclients for publishing messages or `ServiceBusReceiver` subclients for consuming messages.
```

To me, the phrasing "simplify working with" implied that I could do all the same things with `ServiceBusClient` in a more complicated way - which isn't the case.

```dotnetcli
dotnet add package Azure.Security.KeyVault.Secrets
dotnet add package Azure.Storage.Blobs
dotnet add package Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus
```

> ## Register clients and subclients

Reviewer: I believe there are other docs linking to the old section. Those will need to be updated too.

Author: Yes I think those are the errors in the build report, this is still a draft so I'm fixing some things like that, but the content itself is generally ready for review.

### [HostBuilder](#tab/host-builder)

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/dependency-injection/HostBuilder/Program.cs" id="snippet_HostBuilder" highlight="11-27":::

---

In the preceding code:

* Key Vault Secrets, Blob Storage and Service Bus clients are registered using the <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Azure.SecretClientBuilderExtensions.AddSecretClient%2A>, <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Azure.BlobClientBuilderExtensions.AddBlobServiceClient%2A> and <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Azure.ServiceBusClientBuilderExtensions.AddServiceBusClientWithNamespace%2A>, respectively. The `Uri` and `string`-typed arguments are passed. To avoid specifying these URLs explicitly, see the [Store configuration separately from code](#store-configuration-separately-from-code) section.
* <xref:Azure.Identity.DefaultAzureCredential> is used to satisfy the `TokenCredential` argument requirement for each registered client. When one of the clients is created, `DefaultAzureCredential` is used to authenticate.
* Service Bus subclients are registered for each queue on the service using the subclient and corresponding options types.

## Use the registered clients

> With the clients registered, as described in the [Register clients](#register-clients-and-subclients) section, you can now use them. In the following example, [constructor injection](/dotnet/core/extensions/dependency-injection#constructor-injection-behavior) is used to obtain the Blob Storage client in an ASP.NET Core API controller:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the clients registered, as described in the [Register clients and subclients](#register-clients-and-subclients) section, you can now use them. In the following example, [constructor injection](/dotnet/core/extensions/dependency-injection#constructor-injection-behavior) is used to obtain the Blob Storage client in an ASP.NET Core API controller:
```

## Store configuration separately from code

> In the [Register clients](#register-clients-and-subclients) section, you explicitly passed the `Uri`-typed variables to the client constructors. This approach could cause problems when you run code against different environments during development and production. The .NET team suggests [storing such configurations in environment-dependent JSON files](../../core/extensions/configuration-providers.md#json-configuration-provider). For example, you can have an *appsettings.Development.json* file containing development environment settings. Another *appsettings.Production.json* file would contain production environment settings, and so on. The file format is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the [Register clients and subclients](#register-clients-and-subclients) section, you explicitly passed the `Uri`-typed variables to the client constructors. This approach could cause problems when you run code against different environments during development and production. The .NET team suggests [storing such configurations in environment-dependent JSON files](../../core/extensions/configuration-providers.md#json-configuration-provider). For example, you can have an *appsettings.Development.json* file containing development environment settings. Another *appsettings.Production.json* file would contain production environment settings, and so on. The file format is:
```

  "KeyVault": {
    "VaultUri": "https://mykeyvault.vault.azure.net"
  },
  "ServiceBus": {

>     "Namespace": "<your-namespace>.servicebus.windows.net"

Reviewer: Use underscore for consistency
```suggestion
    "Namespace": "<your_namespace>.servicebus.windows.net"
```

Author: Forgot about the config file ones, sorry about that.

  },
  "Storage": {
    "ServiceUri": "https://mydemoaccount.storage.windows.net"
  },
  "ServiceBus": {

>     "NamespaceUri": "https://<your-namespace>.servicebus.windows.net"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    "Namespace": "<your-namespace>.servicebus.windows.net"
```

This is not a URI and we should avoid calling it one.  The formal term is "fully qualified namespace" - which is a mouthful.  "Namespace" alone is probably the best short substitute.

The format shouldn't have any protocol prefix.

In the preceding JSON sample:

> * The top-level key names, `AzureDefaults`, `KeyVault`, `Storage` and `ServiceBus`, are arbitrary. All other key names hold significance, and JSON serialization is performed in a case-insensitive manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The top-level key names, `AzureDefaults`, `KeyVault`, `ServiceBus`, and `Storage`, are arbitrary. All other key names hold significance, and JSON serialization is performed in a case-insensitive manner.
```

* The `AzureDefaults.Retry` object literal:
  * Represents the [retry policy configuration settings](#configure-a-new-retry-policy).
  * Corresponds to the <xref:Azure.Core.ClientOptions.Retry> property. Within that object literal, you find the `MaxRetries` key, which corresponds to the <xref:Azure.Core.RetryOptions.MaxRetries> property.

> * The `KeyVault:VaultUri`, `Storage:ServiceUri` and `ServiceBus:NamespaceUri` key values map to the `Uri` and `string`-typed arguments of the <xref:Azure.Security.KeyVault.Secrets.SecretClient.%23ctor(System.Uri,Azure.Core.TokenCredential,Azure.Security.KeyVault.Secrets.SecretClientOptions)?displayProperty=fullName>, <xref:Azure.Storage.Blobs.BlobServiceClient.%23ctor(System.Uri,Azure.Core.TokenCredential,Azure.Storage.Blobs.BlobClientOptions)?displayProperty=fullName> and <xref:Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus.ServiceBusClient.%23ctor(System.String)?displayProperty=fullName> constructor overloads, respectively. The `TokenCredential` variants of the constructors are used because a default `TokenCredential` is set via the <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Azure.AzureClientFactoryBuilder.UseCredential(Azure.Core.TokenCredential)?displayProperty=fullName> method call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `KeyVault:VaultUri`, `ServiceBus:NamespaceUri`, and `Storage:ServiceUri` key values map to the `Uri`- and `string`-typed arguments of the <xref:Azure.Security.KeyVault.Secrets.SecretClient.%23ctor(System.Uri,Azure.Core.TokenCredential,Azure.Security.KeyVault.Secrets.SecretClientOptions)?displayProperty=fullName>, <xref:Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus.ServiceBusClient.%23ctor(System.String)?displayProperty=fullName>, and <xref:Azure.Storage.Blobs.BlobServiceClient.%23ctor(System.Uri,Azure.Core.TokenCredential,Azure.Storage.Blobs.BlobClientOptions)?displayProperty=fullName> constructor overloads, respectively. The `TokenCredential` variants of the constructors are used because a default `TokenCredential` is set via the <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Azure.AzureClientFactoryBuilder.UseCredential(Azure.Core.TokenCredential)?displayProperty=fullName> method call.
```

  "KeyVault": {
    "VaultUri": "https://mykeyvault.vault.azure.net"
  },
  "ServiceBus": {

>     "Namespace": "<your-namespace>.servicebus.windows.net"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "Namespace": "<your_namespace>.servicebus.windows.net"
```

  "Storage": {
    "ServiceUri": "https://store1.storage.windows.net"
  },

>   "ServiceBus": {

Reviewer: Alphabetize these top-level key names
